# The mighty technology picker

Plan is the create something simple. Our guidance was to do this in 3 weeks, but I will be working every day for 1 week, so the time spend for the project will match the actual period of 3 weeks. In prior, I had to focus on my thesis and I finished also the work of the other project we were working on this course, because it was actually more important for me than this project.

The topic was pre-made within the course, which was generated by AI. So, I have nothing to do with the actual idea behind the project.

# So plan is to make something very simple and here are user stories for the project:

1. User should be able to first pick the topic of project.
2. If there is no correct topic for the project, then there should be atleast option "other" and input-area, where user could write the topic, so the owner of technology picker/community could update the list and create good matches for it.
3. User should be able to pick if the project is for mobile or web.
4. User should be able to pick programming language, if user wants to do so.
5. User should be able to pick frameworks/technologies/tools, if user have something specific in mind.
6. User should be able to pick if user needs to save data from users of the project or is the data just saved for the user, who uses the project. Is there need to save data from user or from the project owners. (This will determine, if there is need for database or not).
7. If user picks database, then there should be question does user want to use services to save data or will there be own hosting related.
8. After all of the questions user should get recommended options as lists and there should be the "best setup" as default option, but user could also swap from the lists, if user wants to customize something.
9. User should be able to give new option for the options, that are recommended in the lists, if something is missing (This would be reviewed by the owner of technology picker/community). And to pick "other" option, if he chooses that, but there should be also warnings, that it might not be suitable for the technology mix.
10. User should get instructions, which include installing commands and links to documentations.
11. User should be able to save technology stacks in favourites.
12. User should be able to copy the link of recommended technology stack and to share it to others.
13. In the end, user should be able to give feedback for the technology picker recommendations.

# Thoughts

AI could be awesome helper for this kind of tool.
There could be database for the data, but I will use JSON-files and if I have time, I will setup database for this project.

